fix(bundler/nsis): use temp dir for webview2 installer, closes #7409 (#7486)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/fix-nsis-webview2-installer-use-tempdir.md

> ---
> 'tauri-bundler': 'patch:bug'
> ---
> 
> On Windows, fix NSIS installer writing webview2 installer file to the well-known temp dir instead of the install dir, so we don't pollute the install dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'tauri-bundler': 'patch:enhance'
---

On Windows, NSIS installer will write webview2 installer file to the well-known temp dir instead of the install dir, so we don't pollute the install dir.
```
